# Mark O'Neills Website (2020)

**Design**

Below is a link to the two designs I've created for this website rebuild, both were created with Figma.

Mobile - [Click here](https://www.figma.com/proto/hfyzTLlMIMwcfEY8XnHqL5/Mark-O'Neill---2020-Redesign?node-id=17%3A0&scaling=scale-down)
Desktop - [Click here](https://www.figma.com/proto/hfyzTLlMIMwcfEY8XnHqL5/Mark-O'Neill---2020-Redesign?node-id=1%3A2&scaling=scale-down)

**Tech Stack**

Backend - WPGraphQL, Wordpress (Headless) and Netlify (Hosting)
Frontend - GatsbyJS (& Plugins) and Styled-Components

**Backup Of Text**

I am an Intuitive Herbalist, Clairvoyant, Medium, Counsellor and Hypnotherapist. For 30 years I have used my abilities to assist my clients to heal themselves.

I have owned and operated 5 clinics, seeing 100,000 clients from all walks of life from around the world. Given the advances in technology, I can now reach a wider, more like minded global community. As a herbalist, I have never sold supplements from any companies, period. I have advised my clients where to purchase vitamins and minerals, often from companies I trusted , for the same price as myself. I have never received a fee for doing so from those companies. I have often been looked down on for not following the trend of mega dosing clients with huge amounts of  supplements.  My reasoning behind this decision is twofold. If the theory behind illness was caused through a lack of vitamins and minerals, then restoring that balance the client should be well. Obviously I was seeing thousands of people  who were prescribed large amounts of vitamins and minerals. Some had improved and the others, nothing had changed. Do I feel that supplements need to be taken in today’ s world? Yes indeed. Swapping a western paradigm of prescribing drugs for vitamins and minerals is less harmful. However does it address the cause ? Keep in mind that supplement and vitamin companies are a huge multinational concern, not unlike the Pharmaceutical companies driven by profit, usually. Does that mean all companies are not to be trusted ?  No. There are some amazing ethical companies making wonderful products.  I have no problem with people making a profit. Cancer and all chronic diseases are not caused by a lack of vitamin and minerals on their own. If this was the case,  millions of people would be getting better, and this is not happening. I support Anthony William and his information on the cause of illness and how to heal. I have seen enough pain and illness in my 30 years to not look for cause. As a result I felt the need over these last few years to make my own capsule formulations because I know what is in them.  They are 100% organic, vegan and between 927mg and 1000mg of one herb in each capsule. Time consuming yet satisfying. Total number of staff, just Sandy and myself. My first years of life were spent growing up in a fruit and vegetable shop that my grandfather owned. No surprise that I became a vegetarian along the way. I have always advocated an eating lifestyle with plenty of fruit and vegetables, keeping dairy and gluten out if suffering from illness. Once I found Anthony William my life’s work took on a deeper understanding of illness. As a clairvoyant I consider myself of average ability and an okay medium. I am not a medical medium that’s for sure. I do not have a voice outside of my head. I believe in his work and his message. I hope that I am congruent to Spirit of Compassion’s messages that come via Anthony. I fully understand people’s reluctance to believe in mediums for religious reasons or personal convictions. I am not asking anyone to believe, just try his information for yourself. When things are based in truth they usually work. My wish is for the ill who are searching that they find a  healing path, love and light , Mark.